All right welcome back my sister and so every time we delete a user or create a user all day they use
a we don't have any feedback Re would be nice to have some type of feedback maybe like some type of
notification on top here that says A The user has been the leader of data or something.
That would be cool.
So let's actually do that with sessions I already show you how to do that but I'm going to apply to
this project or I don't want you to forget about it.
So let's go to I mean users and right here below before we destroy it.
And I want you guys to actually apply this to the rest of your application.
We've got to do it too with it destroy method here because that's the last one we have done.
And then I want you to apply it to whatever you want.
All right.
All right cool.
So before we could however use the request to call the if you remember to call the session method.
All right.
We could use this but we have to inject the request right here or we could use our global function I
guess to do that or we can use another class from Claribel called session and we can say session.
I'm just showing you different ways.
Delete
delete it.
User.
Or something like that.
And then you can say something.
The user has being deleted.
OK.
And of course you have to include this on top.
Arrive for SA.
And then once you are let's go back to end it's
here and right above here.
See above.
Users could do this in a be danger.
Let's just check first if if session can use this method here to check for the lead it user.
And that's what I think we need that key.
We go back to our means controller.
It's good that you copy and paste it just in case so you don't make a mistake.
So if it does have a delete a user key that session if we find the session then we can go now.
Looking at Guido.
So we're going to say
we can use of we can use this global function here.
As a matter of fact we can say delete it user.
All right.
So two different ways of doing it.
All right so let's delete the poor recall.
I don't want it really.
Maria.
Maria is cool with those races.
All right.
We could really Peter.
Peter's not doing much here.
And as you can see we have it where he says the user has been deleted.
All right.
You could if you want to give it a class
of B.G. danger and that's just going to make a read.
OK.
So literally Jose I don't I don't want it that we go whoops.
What am I doing.
There we go.
The user has been deleted.
Go ahead and apply that to every of your function every functionality that you wanted.
All right.
Where you want to go ahead apply where you want it.
So I'm showing you how it's done.
You are responsible for making your application the way you want anyway.
Thank you so much for watching this lecture guys I hope.
Hopefully you learned something new and something that will allow you to create really good applications
in the future.
Keep up the great work.
Keep active.
Remember why you here.
Remember that this is something that is going to give you a lot of benefits in the future.
You just have to learn it and start doing it.
Take care